What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
I was looking at how to store and recall course data for an advising program. the code needed to import the data from a .csv file and store them in a way that tied the data together

How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
I considered multiple data structures for the storage of the data. I looked at a plain vector, linked list, hash table, and BST data sturcture. Each structure had the advatages and disadvatanges.
Each has its use but ultimately there was no structure that was a one size fits all. How the data is used will dictate what data structure is more effiecent for use.

How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
Utilizing many different data sources provided a path forward when encountering roadblocks. Google searches are the backbone of any IT project as there is nothing new under the sun and if I have run
into a roadblock, some research on stackover or a google search can lead to either something that works exactly or give the relevant piece required to move forward.

How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
This work has given me tools and knowledge so that I can design and analysis code and data sturctures to make my code more effective. Being able to consider the resource cost of a peice of code, I am
more prepared to get the most out of my coding and can make code that is tailored to the needs of the overall system versus just code that will work.

How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
It has helped my sharpen my ability to structre my code in a way that is easier to read and comprehend. I have been able to practice commenting out code so that it makes more sense to a reader that
might not be familiar withthe code base itself and support others working on the code I have produced.
